i18n: translate website (#159)
nrenner/brouter-web: README.md

General BRouter discussions/questions, support:  
https://groups.google.com/group/osm-android-bikerouting

## Translating

Translations are managed using the
[Transifex](https://www.transifex.com/openstreetmap/brouter-web/) platform. After

> signing up, you can go to [iD's project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
signing up, you can go to [BRouter-Web's project
```

Author: Oops, thanks :)
